chore: rebalance embedded login messaging and add hybrid-use framing (#1327)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/libraries/lock.mdx

### Single Sign-On with embedded authentication

Embedded login supports <Tooltip tip="Single Sign-On (SSO): Service that, after a user logs into one applicaton, automatically logs that user in to other applications." cta="View Glossary" href="/docs/glossary?term=Single+Sign-on">Single Sign-on</Tooltip> (SSO) when your applications share the following architecture:

1. The applications attempting SSO are first-party applications. Sharing embedded sessions with third-party applications is not supported.

> 2. The applications and your Auth0 tenant share a top-level domain via a [custom domain](/docs/customize/custom-domains). Traditional Auth0 domains use the `foo.auth0.com` format; custom domains let your applications and Auth0 tenant share the same top-level domain, which also helps prevent CSRF attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The applications attempting SSO are first-party applications. Sharing embedded sessions with third-party applications is not supported.

* The applications and your Auth0 tenant share a top-level domain via a [custom domain](/docs/customize/custom-domains). By default, Auth0 domains use the `example.auth0.com` format. Custom domains let your applications and Auth0 tenant share the same top-level domain, which also helps prevent CSRF attacks.
```

> When your architecture meets these criteria, embedded SSO with Lock is a good fit. <Tooltip tip="Universal Login: Your application redirects to Universal Login, hosted on Auth0's Authorization Server, to verify a user's identity." cta="View Glossary" href="/docs/glossary?term=Universal+Login">Universal Login</Tooltip> handles SSO across multiple domains or with [third-party applications](/docs/get-started/applications/third-party-applications/configure-third-party-applications) automatically through its session layer, and the two can coexist in the same app—for example, Universal Login for primary sign-in and Lock for embedded factor enrollment or step-up flows. To compare the trade-offs, read [Hosted Login vs. Embedded Login](/docs/authenticate/login/universal-vs-embedded-login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your architecture meets these criteria, embedded SSO with Lock is a good fit. <Tooltip tip="Universal Login: Your application redirects to Universal Login, hosted on Auth0's Authorization Server, to verify a user's identity." cta="View Glossary" href="/docs/glossary?term=Universal+Login">Universal Login</Tooltip> handles SSO across multiple domains or with [third-party applications](/docs/get-started/applications/third-party-applications/configure-third-party-applications) automatically through its session layer. The two can coexist in the same app (for example, Universal Login for primary sign-in and Lock for embedded factor enrollment or step-up flows). To compare the trade-offs, read [Hosted Login vs. Embedded Login](/docs/authenticate/login/universal-vs-embedded-login).
```
